$ python chat_example_stream.py 
Running Chat Test with Messages
Status Code:  200
Headers:  Headers({'content-type': 'text/event-stream', 'transfer-encoding': 'chunked', 'connection': 'keep-alive'})
Streaming Response: 
Quantum mechanics is a fascinating and complex field of physics that fundamentally challenges our understanding of reality. At its core, quantum mechanics describes the behavior of matter and energy at microscopic scales, such as that of atoms and subatomic particles. One of the most intriguing aspects of quantum mechanics is its departure from classical mechanics, which governs macroscopic objects and relies on deterministic principles. In contrast, quantum mechanics is inherently probabilistic, introducing a degree of uncertainty to predictions about the properties and behaviors of particles.

One of the central tenets of quantum mechanics is the wave-particle duality, the principle that every quantum entity exhibits both wave-like and particle-like properties. This duality is best exemplified by the famous double-slit experiment, where particles such as electrons create an interference pattern when not observed, behaving like waves spreading out over a surface. However, when observed, they act like particles, passing through one slit or the other. This experiment underscores the role of the observer in quantum mechanics, highlighting the concept of superposition, where a quantum system can exist in multiple states simultaneously until it is measured.

Another intriguing aspect of quantum mechanics is entanglement, a phenomenon where the quantum states of two or more particles become interlinked such that the state of one particle instantaneously influences the state of the other, regardless of the distance between them. Albert Einstein famously referred to entanglement as "spooky action at a distance" because it seems to violate the principle of locality, which asserts that objects are only directly influenced by their immediate surroundings. This phenomenon has been experimentally confirmed and is foundational to emerging technologies such as quantum computing and quantum cryptography.

Quantum mechanics also introduces the concept of quantization, where physical quantities such as energy, angular momentum, and charge can only take on discrete values rather than a continuous range. This is evident in the quantized energy levels of electrons in atoms, which lead to the unique emission and absorption spectra of different elements. Quantization is pivotal in explaining the stability of atoms and the nature of chemical bonds, playing a crucial role in the development of quantum chemistry and solid-state physics.

Moreover, the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, formulated by Werner Heisenberg, asserts that certain pairs of physical properties, like position and momentum, cannot be precisely measured simultaneously. The more accurately one property is measured, the less accurately the other can be known, introducing a fundamental limit to what can be known about a particle’s state. This principle challenges the deterministic paradigm of classical physics and underscores the inherent fuzziness of quantum systems.

Despite its abstract and non-intuitive nature, quantum mechanics has led to revolutionary advancements and technologies. It underpins much of our understanding of the universe, including fields such as quantum field theory and quantum gravity, that seek to integrate quantum mechanics with other fundamental forces. Technologies like lasers, semiconductors, and MRI machines have emerged from quantum principles, demonstrating its profound impact on modern life.

In conclusion, quantum mechanics not only deepens our understanding of the universe's fabric but also continually fuels scientific inquiry, driving the forefront of technology and prompting philosophical debates about reality, knowledge, and the limits of human understanding. Its principles challenge our intuitions and provide an elegant yet complex framework for comprehending the myriad behaviors of nature's smallest constituents.